{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf350
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Monaco;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww8420\viewh9720\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
Notes on Tennessee Merging\
Kyle Dropp and Jonathan Rodden\
\
\
Files:\
``tn_geo.csv" - Dimensions 2,174 by 26\
This is the Census voting district file. The Census file differs from the raw file in one important way: 22 rows were added for Hawkins County.\
\
``tn_steve.csv" - Dimensions 2,117 by 43\
This is the 2008 vote total file. \
\
``tn_geo_merge_0516.csv" - Dimensions 2,174 by 56\
This is the Census voting district file with vote totals merged. It is sorted by the Census geographic identifier. Duplicates columns have been deleted. \
\
\
\
\
Matching Summary:\
The ``precinct" variable in the vote file and the ``NAME10" variable in the Census voting district file generally match. Due to discrepancies caused by leading numbers, abbreviations and punctuation, the precincts in the two files were matched manually. \
\
We identified matches for nearly all precincts. Overall, 2,170 out of 2,174 rows in the Census VTD file were matched successfully with a 2008 voting precinct. In the voting file, 2,102 of 2,117 vote precincts were matched successfully with a geographic identifier. \
\
\
\
Variable Names:\
-tn\\_geo\\_id - row identifier from raw Census VTD file\
-tn\\_vote\\_id - row identifier from raw vote total file\
-Cty.VTD - county and voting district code, separated by a period\
-VAP - Voting Age Population from Census FTP\
-Fraction - VAP/VAP total when a single vote count referred to multiple VTDs\
-County.x - county code\
-precinct08 - precinct code\
-STATEFP10 - state code from census\
-COUNTYFP10 - county code from census\
-VTDST10 - voting district code from census\
-GEOID10 - geo identifier from census\
-VTDI10 - voting code from census\
-Name10 - voting district string\
-NameLSAD10 - voting district string, with ``voting district" at end\
-ALAND10 - land\
-AWATER10 - water\
-INTPLAT10 - latitude\
-INTPTLON10 - longitude\
-Pop100 - full population from Census FTP\
-gov_dvote_06 - 2006 Gov Democratic\
-gov_rvote_06 - 2006 Gov Republican\
-uss_dvote_06 - 2006 Senate Democratic\
-uss_rvote_06 - 2006 Senate Republican\
-ush_dvote_06 - 2006 House Democratic\
-ush_rvote_06 - 2006 House Republican\
-precinct06 - precinct name in 2006\
-pid - precinct identifer\
-pres_dvote_08 - 2008 Presidential Democratic\
-pres_rvote_08 - 2008 Presidential Republican\
-uss_dvote_08 - 2008 Senate Democratic\
-uss_rvote_08 - 2008 Senate Republican\
-ush_dvote_08 - 2008 House Democratic\
-ush_rvote_08 - 2008 House Republican \
-pres_dvote_04 - 2004 Presidential Democratic\
-pres_rvote_04 - 2004 Presidential Republican \
-ush_dvote_04 - 2004 House Democratic \
-ush_rvote_04 - 2004 House Republican\
-precinct04 - precinct name in 2004\
-p_08 - 2008 Presidential % Democratic\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 -s_08 - 2008 Senate % Democratic\
-g_06 - 2006 Governor % Democratic\
-s_06 - 2006 Senate % Democratic\
-p_04 - 2004 Presidential % Democratic\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 -t_08 - 2008 total votes\
-av - average Democratic share\
-NDV - Normal Democratic Votes\
-NRV - Normal Republican Votes\
\
\
Appendix - problem cases:\
\
Multiple vote totals for a single Census voting district. All of these cases have been consolidated and merged into the Census VTD file.\
-Armory inside,outside in hawkins \
-Bulls Gap inside, outside in hawkins (merged)\
-church hill inside, outside in hawkins (merged)\
-Surgoinsville In, Out in hawkins (merged)\
-cchs/community complex  to 1 cornerstone baptist in cumberland (merged)\
-Memphis 13-1 and 13-2 to Memphis 13; Memphis 16-1&16-3 to Memphis 16; Memphis 21-1 through 21-3 to Memphis 21;  Memphis 25-1 & 25-2 to Memphis 25-2; Memphis 26-1 through 26-3 to Memphis 26-1; Memphis 28-1 & 28-2 to Memphis 28; Memphis 34-1 & 34-2 to Memphis 34-2; Memphis 35-1 through 35-3 to Memphis 35; Memphis 38-1 and 38-2 to Memphis 38-2; Memphis 42-1 and 42-2 to Memphis 42-1; Memphis 43-1 & 43-2 to Memphis 43-2; Memphis 47-1 through 47-3 to Memphis 47-3; Memphis 49-1 & 49-2 to Memphis 49; Memphis 50-1 & 50-2 to Memphis 50-1; Memphis 65-1 & 65-2 to Memphis 65-1; Memphis 66-1 & 66-2 to Memphis 66.\
\
\
Multiple Census voting districts for a single vote total. Vote totals were allocated by voting age population in Census VTD.\
-Arlington in Shelby \
-Morning Sun 1,2 in Shelby \
-Forest Hills 1,2 in Shelby\
\
Missing county in Census VTD data\
Hawkins: I downloaded and merged entries for this county into the Census voting district file\
\
}